Add options to configure `{NotReady,Unreachable}TolerationSeconds` (#7861)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/resource-manager.md

   Independent on the number of zones, when the `high-availability-config.resources.gardener.cloud/failure-tolerance-type` annotation is set and NOT empty, then the `whenUnsatisfiable` is set to `DoNotSchedule` for the constraint with `topologyKey=kubernetes.io/hostname` (which enforces the node-spread).

4. Adds default tolerations for [taint-based evictions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/#taint-based-evictions):

>    Tolerations for taints `node.kubernetes.io/not-ready` and `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable` are added to the handled `Deployment` and `StatefulSet` if their `podTemplate` do not already specify them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Tolerations for taints `node.kubernetes.io/not-ready` and `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable` are added to the handled `Deployment` and `StatefulSet` if their `podTemplate`s do not already specify them.
```

>    Tolerations for taints `node.kubernetes.io/not-ready` and `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable` are added to the handled `Deployment` and `StatefulSet` if their `podTemplate` do not already specify those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Tolerations for taints `node.kubernetes.io/not-ready` and `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable` are added to the handled `Deployment` and `StatefulSet` if their `podTemplate`s do not already specify them.
```

   The `TolerationSeconds` are taken from the respective configuration section of the webhook's configuration (see [example](../../example/resource-manager/10-componentconfig.yaml))).
   
   We consider fine-tuned values for those tolerations a matter of high-availability because they often help to reduce recovery times in case of node or zone outages, also see [High-Availability Best Practices](../../docs/usage/shoot_high_availability_best_practices.md).

>    In addition, this webhook handling helps to set defaults for many but not all workload components in a cluster. For instance, Gardener can use this webhook to set defaults for nearly every component in seed clusters but only for managed ones in shoot clusters. Any customer workload remains unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In addition, this webhook handling helps to set defaults for many but not all workload components in a cluster. For instance, Gardener can use this webhook to set defaults for nearly every component in seed clusters but only for the system components in shoot clusters. Any customer workload remains unchanged.
```
